this is a Memorial Day weekend typical
project would involve sprucing up the
lawn the landscape even a home today I
want to focus on using installing rubber
multi products in your landscape notice
this bag purchased at a chain store
shows under installation instructions
for best results install a weed barrier
I don't know about you but I have never
had any luck with weed barrier and I'm
going to show you some of the reasons
why not to use it
first we have to roll out our fabric and
try to get an approximation of the area
we want to cover for demonstration
purposes I'm going to try to cover the
area around those two plants now to be
best to have someone help you do this if
you have to do this on your own and
there is a slightest breeze it can be
challenging hmmm
so now I have to find a way to cut this
hole to allow this plant through so
here's the plant
I'm not sure which side goes which I
think it might be this way almost hey we
made it
now got that it'll be okay
get my knife and I felt a little short
here Oh
we have another another piece here to
get out okay all right I'm gonna cut
this
okay well looks pretty good now let's
take some of our mulch time to install
two inches
and there's two inches of a point eight
cubic foot bag over we'd block now we're
going to install a bag of Everlast
rubber mulch first and foremost we don't
need this second we don't need this
okay
let's see how much coverage we can get
at two inches thick
so the next time you go to choose a
rubber mulch product for your holiday
project I want to encourage you to use
Everlast rubber mulch not only do I not
need weed fabric I don't have to fight
it in the wind or pay for it the ever
last rubber mulch can ghosts directly
over the soil covers more square footage
allowing you more time to spend with
your family and friends